night forms with volleyball from
magic of his feet I advise you to
out of a dime change all of me guys
they are rich for the last few fetal times
we are that today with the player of put
yes yes we the last tv truth it
we decided to define it seaf and not
tiff because for us the record version
baker is a separate version therefore for
we this msx iv first of all must
thank a lot of native christmas
that the guy who pressed us this
player
really thank you this proves
like the reality of recent times pedara se
is increasingly growing and therefore i
boys trust us and therefore
players also come to lend us
but let's talk about this right away
mostriciattoli resigned 96 overall and already
makes me realize how strong this is
player
98 ball control ie it speaks for itself
the value and then to all characteristics
green when you go to the footer you see
all 98 99 95 92
in the end it is quite simplistic
explain to you all the values ​​because you can
already imagine when you sometimes this
player
let's say I want to help you
comparison with the toti version because
obviously we also brought the
totti version like all the other toti
so you can the team of the year
go and see that review vi
we leave the link then we also did
the utah area the record prayer so who
better than us
or maybe no one can tell you better than us
the comparison for this then put in the
complex a fantastic 98 player of
dribbling 4 star skill agility
crazy 95 I have the ball control
said 98 you can skip opponents
with a disarming ease
the only little problem I found
also this time in the review put
sif was that he practically took
forced from all sides
I have put three four sides on it
because you have to see it
you can't see what they are of
they kill practically because of course
they see the player laugh when he is
strong and try to stop it in all
ways if I sincerely can
seem a little presumptuous
now, however, when I felt that when
I found opponents who didn't know much
defends reja I said no but what the heck did I do
I get bored
but not because I was a fool in the
to say this but because I enjoyed it more
with opponents who knew how to defend
because I did n't do right and left with the
ball control and discarded all
world and I had more fun maybe can
use a half skill agility
done well because it was more fun in the
complex
let's say that with the toti version the
dribbling for almost the same but you believe
strongly the version endowed with respect to
this concerns shooting because at 94
on the social paper scioni sip and 99 di
finalization in area and goal nine on
ten really maybe 10 out of 10 no because
if not it would be no more
fun to operate though
nine out of ten to put it in a
long shot level for me the version
dowries is a little bit higher because
with this version I do not say that not
I could do them for god's sake
but I did n't like them the way I did
liked with the version toti then to 84
of tv power if he had maybe 90
it would have been reading mentally though
however put it then you understand well then
at the level of hulk for me it is excellent medium
low with 97 repositioning he is
always impositions
honestly I recommend using it
in a web ditch because I really like it
the more it has more field it manages to serve with
its handle step 91 on the card with
94 of short 80 tv that manages to serve
the two wings so you can be assigned
the wings that mark him because he has more
field in my opinion here manages to exploit
the 99 of acceleration that a value
absurd because guys really mean when
start the first step does not stop them
nobody you can go crazy like you want
but he jumps me to the first one at first
acceleration any defender
have against then overall I have to
to say that the totti version I repeat before
nor a superior span but we specify
not very much
maybe a meeting may be the price
because less than 15 million is not found
like all other versions also the
record prey that the toti do not succeed
to find a version as soon as I arrive
15 million if they take it
as soon as a player arrives at the beginning
miserable they take so it's hard though
all in all a player
wonderful I hope I liked it
I made the intro of the video a bit
particular and nothing the review stands for
finish now I will list instead read
these site that the flop of this
player
the final grade must also be given 10
here because it is truly supreme indeed
very strong the only small against maybe
it can be a bit like the physical strength of 65
pre improved compared to the version
record prayer let's say you can be
a little against but mednick because of the
end
skip opponents without problems can
happen one twice that during the
they stop me
what about the weak foot and even a little
because you do n't hear the stars anymore
weak of the three stars weak foot
general a great player boys
nothing the review is going to end I would say
that you can leave us so many like
because you have seen that we are bringing them all
practically the reviews I hope the
you like our work and nothing we do
let's see in an upcoming video
hello everyone guys